doc: add kernel changes from last upmerge (#3453)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

.. NOTE TO MAINTAINERS: The latest Zephyr commit appears in multiple places; make sure you update them all.

The Zephyr fork in |NCS| contains all commits from the upstream Zephyr repository up to and including ``35264cc214fd``, plus some |NCS| specific additions.

For a complete list of upstream Zephyr commits incorporated into |NCS| since the most recent release, run the following command from the :file:`ncs/zephyr` repository (after running ``west update``):

.. code-block:: none

   git log --oneline 35264cc214fd ^v2.4.0-ncs1

For a complete list of |NCS| specific commits, run:

.. code-block:: none

   git log --oneline manifest-rev ^35264cc214fd

> The current |NCS| release is based on the development series for Zephyr v2.5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current |NCS| release is based on Zephyr v2.4.99.
```
Let's keep it simple - mentioning Zephyr 2.5.0 is just gonna make things more confusing.

> * Thread-local storage is now only available when the toolchain supports it. Toolchain support is initially limited to the toolchains bundled with the Zephyr SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following list summarizes the most important changes inherited from upstream Zephyr:

* Thread-local storage is now available only when the toolchain supports it. 
  Toolchain support is initially limited to the toolchains bundled with the Zephyr SDK.
```

Add an introduction. Also change the placement of "only".

* A race condition between :c:func:`k_queue_append` and :c:func:`k_queue_alloc_append` was fixed.
* The kernel no longer tries to resume threads that are not suspended.
* The kernel no longer attempts to queue threads that are already in the run queue.

> * :c:func:`k_busy_wait` now returns immediately on a zero timeout, and has improved accuracy on nonzero timeouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :c:func:`k_busy_wait` now returns immediately on a zero time-out and has improved accuracy on nonzero time-outs.
```

* The following deprecated `kernel APIs were removed <https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-zephyr/commit/c8b94f468a94c9d8d6e6e94013aaef00b914f75b>`_:

>   * ``k_enable_sys_clock_always_on()``

Reviewer: Need a blank line before this list. (same in line 108)
